[Music]
Hello my dearest friends,
gossip lovers who had
nothing to lose, how are you? I hope
you're enjoying yourself and I hope you're having a
great time checking out all the
gossip here on YouTube. No, because the
thing is that you can't trust what you
see on TV, not what you see on
TV, what you see in the magazine is always
completely closed. In fact, the beginning
of this news that you have
below of course took place on
this channel in the live broadcast that we did
yesterday. You know that I usually do live broadcasts at around
8 in the evening almost every
day if I can. There was a
user on Twitter who today had
gotten them very motivated that day and today he
was willing to dedicate all his
free time to this Caracas Twitter user
and all his effort to take down
the channel. Anthony Davis. In what way,
well, he dedicated himself
and reporting video by video all the
videos of the channel both the vine all the
videos all the live broadcasts, little
corner and report, little corner and
report,
the poor guy believing that that was useful.  there is
no such tool as YouTube
to do sports but of course then
YouTube reviews it and since the
content is nothing more than critical but not
defamatory or inciting hatred, I mean
if you go into a video and you find
someone messing with a person
because of their disability, their gender, their
race or something like that, then they
feel the same way, they cover the video you know but this
guy believing that by all of them pressing
the button they would close the channel and
of course here we have several things here we have
on the one hand the call for
censorship by this guy no, I mean
if you have nothing to hide and you think
that the side you support has nothing to
hide
because they want him to not have a voice
because you want to cover his voice, what
reason do you have for not letting him speak? Hey,
the march of television and the way it
has for people to listen to it,
YouTube, let it be you, it bothers you, don't
watch their videos although there should be one, not
to enter, it gives you everything and then on the other
hand the sadness of the human being, not
the sadness of a person who can
dedicate all their time to that nonsense
because I literally
invest my time in productive things
but not in this nonsense the truth
but anyway,
juan lopez de zarate has posted a statement on this you
know the editor the person in charge of
managing antonia vid flores' channel
and has posted the following they are making an
appeal on twitter to take down
antonio david flores' channel for harassment it is
becoming more and more evident that saying that there is nothing
more dangerous than
a motivated fool everything is calm
because nothing and no one is going to silence us
I rebel 11-m
and it is that as it is or rather it is a waste
of time it is useless and in fact
what it does is look bad because what
it includes and the family fear what do you
think I will be reading you
please do not do not fall into disrespect
or anything like that we have
another way of acting and when I say
we I speak of my people not because my
people are neither on one side nor the
other but above all we advocate for
freedom of expression and we want
all the wandong to speak, for all
sides to speak and for us to swallow it does not
continue and everything  Of course family, a
huge hug, I love you so much, see you in
the next video, a hug
[Music]